{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 # AI Prompt Testing Notebook  \
### Task: Summarize a customer complaint clearly and professionally.\
\
---\
\
## Customer Complaint Used\
\'93I ordered a chair two weeks ago and it still hasn\'92t arrived. The tracking number doesn\'92t work, customer service hasn\'92t responded, and I\'92m extremely frustrated. I need this chair for my home office and this delay is causing me problems.\'94\
\
---\
\
## Prompt 1 \'97 Basic Summary\
**Prompt:**  \
\'93Summarize this customer complaint.\'94\
\
**AI Output:**  \
The customer is frustrated because a chair ordered two weeks ago has not arrived. The tracking number provided does not work, and customer service has been unresponsive. The delay is causing inconvenience because the chair is needed for a home office setup.\
\
---\
\
## Prompt 2 \'97 Structured Summary\
**Prompt:**  \
\'93Summarize this customer complaint in 3 bullet points:  \
- Main issue  \
- Customer emotion  \
- Suggested next step\'94\
\
**AI Output:**  \
Main issue: The customer ordered a chair two weeks ago, but it has not arrived, and the tracking number is not working.  \
Customer emotion: The customer is extremely frustrated and inconvenienced due to the lack of updates and unresponsive customer service.  \
Suggested next step: Investigate the shipment status immediately, provide the customer with accurate tracking information, and offer a delivery update or resolution.\
\
---\
\
## Prompt 3 \'97 Professional + Empathetic Tone\
**Prompt:**  \
\'93Summarize this customer complaint in a professional and empathetic tone.\'94\
\
**AI Output:**  \
The customer reports that a chair ordered two weeks ago has still not been delivered. They are unable to track the shipment because the provided tracking number is not working, and attempts to contact customer service have gone unanswered. The delay is creating difficulties for their home office setup, and they are understandably frustrated by the lack of communication and resolution.\
\
---\
\
## Prompt 4 \'97 Detailed Summary\
**Prompt:**  \
\'93Summarize this customer complaint with:  \
- Root cause  \
- Impact  \
- Recommended fix  \
- Priority level\'94\
\
**AI Output:**  \
Root cause: Possible shipping or fulfillment issue compounded by invalid tracking information and lack of customer service response.  \
Impact: The customer is unable to set up or comfortably use their home office, leading to frustration and reduced trust in the company\'92s service.  \
Recommended fix: Investigate the order status immediately, provide accurate tracking details or a replacement shipment, and proactively communicate updates to the customer.  \
Priority level: High \'97 the issue involves delayed delivery, failed communication, and direct impact on the customer\'92s daily work setup.\
\
---\
\
## Prompt 5 \'97 One\uc0\u8209 Sentence Summary\
**Prompt:**  \
\'93Summarize this complaint in one sentence.\'94\
\
**AI Output:**  \
The customer is frustrated that their chair order has not arrived after two weeks, the tracking number does not work, and customer service has not responded, causing disruption to their home office setup.\
\
---\
\
## Scoring Table\
\
| Prompt | Accuracy | Tone | Clarity}